Prepare release 2.6.0.0 (#3959)
haskell/haskell-language-server: ChangeLog.md

# Changelog for haskell-language-server

## 2.6.0.0

- Bindists for GHC 9.6.4
- A new semantic tokens plugin (#3892, @soulomoon).

> - Improvements to multiple home unit support with GHC 9.4. Using cabal 3.11+ will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improvements to multiple home unit support with GHC 9.4. When HLS is used with cabal 3.11+ it will
```

## 2.5.0.0

> - Bindists for GHC 9.6.4

Author: Good catch
